# Weather App - React Native

Welcome to the Weather App! This is a sleek, user-friendly weather application built using React Native and Expo. Get real-time weather updates for any city in the world, with a clean and intuitive interface.

## 🌟 Main Features

- **Real-time Weather Updates:** Get the latest weather information for any location worldwide.
- **Search Functionality:** Easily search for cities to get specific weather details.
- **Temperature Display:** View the temperature in Celsius or Fahrenheit.
- **Weather Icons:** Visual representation of weather conditions (sunny, rainy, cloudy, etc.).
- **Responsive Design:** Seamlessly adapts to different screen sizes and orientations.

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have met the following requirements:

- **Node.js:** Download and install from [Node.js official website](https://nodejs.org/).

### Installation

1. **Clone the repository:**

```sh
git clone https://github.com/harikris001/Weather-App-React-native.git
cd Weather-App-React-native
```

2. **Install dependencies:**

```sh
npm install
```

### Running the App

1. **Start the development server:**

```sh
npx expo start
```

2. **Open the app on your device:**

   - Scan the QR code generated by Expo CLI using the Expo Go app on your iOS or Android device.
   - Alternatively, press `a` to run on an Android emulator, or `i` to run on an iOS simulator (macOS only).

## 📚 Relevant Documentation

For more detailed information, you can refer to the following resources:

- [React Native Documentation](https://reactnative.dev/docs/getting-started)
- [Expo Documentation](https://docs.expo.dev/)
- [Node.js Documentation](https://nodejs.org/en/docs/)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are what make the open-source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

1. **Fork the Project**
2. **Create your Feature Branch** (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. **Commit your Changes** (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. **Push to the Branch** (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. **Open a Pull Request**

